adding new Upgrade section to docs site (#5085)
zowe/docs-site: docs/upgrade/migrate-from-convenience-build-to-pswi-smpe.md

# Migrating from Convenience Build to PSWI or SMP/E installation

> Review the recom mended procedure to migrate an existing Zowe installation from a convenience build to a PSWI (Portable Software Instance) or SMP/E-based installation. The steps in this article outline the best practices to perform the migration, and include all necessary tasks for reusing or updating configuration, managing runtime datasets, and maintaining service continuity.

Author: ```suggestion
Review the recom mended procedure to migrate an existing Zowe installation from a convenience build to a PSWI (Portable Software Instance) or SMP/E-based installation. The steps in this article outline the best practices to perform the migration, and include all necessary tasks for reusing or updating configuration, managing runtime data sets, and maintaining service continuity.
```

> Review the recom mended procedure to migrate an existing Zowe installation from a convenience build to a PSWI (Portable Software Instance) or SMP/E-based installation. The steps in this article outline the best practices to perform the migration, and include all necessary tasks for reusing or updating configuration, managing runtime datasets, and maintaining service continuity.

Author: ```suggestion
Review the recommended procedure to migrate an existing Zowe installation from a convenience build to a PSWI (Portable Software Instance) or SMP/E-based installation. The steps in this article outline the best practices to perform the migration, and include all necessary tasks for reusing or updating configuration, managing runtime datasets, and maintaining service continuity.
```

## Prerequisites before migration

Ensure you meet the following conditions before you start the migration process:

* Determine the current installed version of Zowe (e.g. v3.0).
* Determine if the migrate target is the same version or a newer version (e.g. v3.1).
* Backup the following elements:
    * The existing zowe.yaml configuration file

>     * Zowe runtime datasets

Author: ```suggestion
    * Zowe runtime data sets
```

3. Restart all affected Zowe STCs. For more information, see [Starting and stopping Zowe](../user-guide/start-zowe-zos.md).

 
## Validating after migration

Follow these steps to validate that you successfully migrated your Zowe installation.

1. Start the following Zowe Started Tasks (STCs):

>   * **ZWESISTC**  

Author: Can we add more indentation to the sub-bullets in Step1 and Step 3 to help them easier to read/understand their structure w/in the steps of instructions?

Reviewer: revised

   For more information about performing these steps, see [Verifying Zowe installation on z/OS](../user-guide/verify-zowe-runtime-install.md)

:::tip
Use the following guidelines to maintain rollback readiness in the event of unexpected issues during your Zowe migration:

> * Retain previous runtime datasets

Author: ```suggestion
* Retain previous runtime data sets
```

   For more information about performing these steps, see [Verifying Zowe installation on z/OS](../user-guide/verify-zowe-runtime-install.md)

:::tip
Use the following guidelines to maintain rollback readiness in the event of unexpected issues during your Zowe migration:
* Retain previous runtime data sets

> * Keep backup copies of all JCLs and configuration members

Author: back-up

Reviewer: revised
